This prince has long known that the princess loves music theory deeply
How can an ordinary musical instrument be worthy of a princess?
An otherworldly temperament
One thought to death
This prince invented a brand new musical instrument
Compose music live
Princess Xie Yulin
What does the princess want to do with her stubbornness?
Invent new instruments and compose their own music
This Qin Feiyang hid deep enough
Hahaha he
Does he really understand music theory?
What the hell is this musical instrument?
Is this still the stubborn stone?
It's a rare pleasure wizard seen in a century
The prince's lyrics have a trace of love
This is a gift made in heaven
Who just said he doesn't know how to please?
The sound of this instrument is always harmonious
Crisp and elegant
So charming
Wonderful Wonderful
Even the big men of this emperor were fascinated
Hahahaha
Dare to ask the prince if he can give this rose as a gift
This song can have sheet music